doc: Add subscription process of TTSC via AWS Marketplace (#1305)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/cloud/subscribe-tts-via-aws-marketplace/_index.md

---
title: "Subscription via AWS Marketplace"
description: ""
weight: 2
---

This section shows how to subscribe a tenant in {{% tts %}} Cloud deployment via AWS Marketplace.

<!--more-->

## Subscribing {{% tts %}} Cloud tenant

> Navigate to [The Things Stack Cloud for LoRaWAN](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-djx65iyt6w5cy) in AWS Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [{{% tts %}} Cloud for LoRaWAN](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-djx65iyt6w5cy) in AWS Marketplace.
```

Sign in to the AWS account and click on `View purchase options`.

{{< figure src="purchase-option.png" alt="AWS Console shows View purchase option" >}}

You will be navigated to the below page, then click on `Subscribe`.

{{< figure src="subscribe.png" alt="Subscribe option" >}}

Navigate to the `Manage Subscriptions` in the AWS Marketplace.

{{< figure src="manage-subscriptions.png" alt="Manager Subscriptions option" >}}

In {{% tts %}} Cloud for LoRaWAN subscription, select the option `Set up product` at the bottom.

{{< figure src="setup-product.png" alt="Set up product" >}}

You will observe a pop up, i.e., `To continue, set up your account and complete the registration`. Then Click on `Set up your account`.

{{< figure src="setup-account.png" alt="Set up your account" >}}

Fill in all the details on the `Configure your account` page.

> {{< figure src="configure-account.png" alt="Configure Account" >}}

Reviewer: Can you please retake screenshots in a way described in [CONTRIBUTING doc](https://github.com/TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)? This one looks off, and the `setup-product.png` above is unequally cropped
